So far so good.
We know how we can work with group.
But let's imagine a little bit different scenario.
So let's say I'm going to first delete this and we're gonna write heading one is gonna be titled heading
idle.
And then we're gonna need some kind of paragraph we're gonna say paragraph.
And within the paragraph I don't know what what's place like 20 words or something like that.
And then after the paragraph let's imagine there's gonna be another heading one more.
This one is just gonna be I don't know food or hearing again.
It doesn't really matter how we call this the main idea is gonna be very simple.
So I would like to work with adding 1 and add some kind of styles only to the heading One and let's
say the other heading one the further heading is gonna have a separate styles.
Well first of all let me get rid of everything that I have for now in my style sheet and knowledge to
decide how we're gonna do it.
So only the title heading is gonna have specific styles.
And then the footer heading mode have totally different styles.
So how we would do this well in the Sear says we have an option of using the IDR.
Now the way we work with the selector First we would need to create an idea.
In my case I know that I would need to work with a attribute in my email which would be ideal and naming
here is important because we all can I use it to actually select it in CSF.
So let's call this I don't know a heading.
And then also we can work with a hearing one we're gonna do that in a second.
Once we understand how we can select this with the idea of having so far so good.
So we have the idea with a value of having.
Now once we go to styles assess if we would like to like this idea the syntax would be followed.
So first we will go on and go with a hashtag and then we would need to come up with a name.
Now when I say we would need to come up with a name that means that a name should match whatever you
have here in the value.
Otherwise if you gonna call this grandma Madea the CSX is not gonna be able to select it so in our case
we know that we are selecting the heading and let's maybe use the color again properly and we're gonna
say the color should be green.
However let's also look at the other property that we can use for colors that would be for the background.
And again we're gonna cover colors and literally few videos.
However just remember that with a color what you're doing is you're selecting the color of the text.
Then the background is gonna be self explanatory with a background.
So let's say background should be.
I don't know black.
Now the moment we say with notice what happened.
Only the heading be heading one that had the title of the heading has over here is background black
as well as the color green.
Now I can go back and I can change it and maybe let's call this title hiring.
Maybe that should make more sense so I can write title.
However the moment I changed the name or my value in the the attribute obviously the CSX is not anymore
selecting because names don't match.
So in our case again we would need to head over and let's say that this is gonna be the time.
Now one thing with ideas what we should remember is the simple fact that they should be unique.
What I mean by this.
So let's say if we're gonna be working with the other heading the photo or heading we should have the
I.D. our dad I.D. should match the I.D. that we already have currently on the page so I'm gonna call
this here subheading.
So instead of using again the title I.D. should be unique because there is other ways how we can work
with SPSS in order to work with multiple elements together not just grouping the actual select.
So that's something you should always remember that if you would like to use I.D. make sure that they
are unique for that specific element meaning you're not reusing them somewhere around the actual page.
Otherwise if the I.D. are not unique you're kind of losing the actual meaning of what is the reasoning
for using data.
Now if we have the subheading much changed around a little bit let's say again we're going to be selecting
hub subheading.
Now we know that the naming right now is correct.
Maybe let's select these styles and let's just change this color.
So instead of green one is gonna go with I don't text red.
And then what we should use for the background.
I don't know what to decide.
So for the background we can use maybe gray.
So let's test this out now.
The moment we're gonna save it.
Notice what the title lady we are selecting and background black and the color green.
And for the subheading again we're using the added selector and we're saying that the background is
gonna be gray and color is gonna be red.